Update README.md (#380)
gordon-cs/gordon-360-api: README.md

`api/wellness` Sends an answer boolean to the database that specifies whether a student is symptomatic or not: true = symptomatic, false = not symptomatic.

> ### Jobs

Author: Right, Thanks for noticing.

> Back endpoint responsible for fetching and sending information to the database regarding Jobs and timesheet used to clock shifts.

Reviewer: While this follows the example of Wellness Check, all the entries before this summer have a style that starts with "What is it?"  Please follow that style.  (Fixing Wellness would be a bonus :-)

Author: I see that makes sense. Thanks.

##### GET 

> `api/jobs/getJobs` Gets the users current active jobs and returns them in a list.  

Reviewer: "get" should not be in the endpoint name;  it's already a GET.

Reviewer: This needs "student" in the name, to distinguish from staff jobs (elsewhere).  Since it's getting all of them and it's in api/jobs, that's all that's necessary.

> `api/jobs/getJobs` Gets the users current active jobs and returns them in a list.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`api/jobs/student` Gets the current user's active student jobs and returns them in a list.  
```

> `api/jobs/getSavedShifts/` Gets the users active shifts that have yet to be approved.

Reviewer: "get" should not be in the endpoint name; it's already a GET.
Also, does "saved" mean "not approved" or "not submitted"?  It's an important difference.

Add "student" to name, to distinguish from staff.  It's important to be consistent with all of these.  Putting "Student" and "Staff" at end makes sense, particularly so the pairs end up next to each other in alphabetical order.

> `api/jobs/getSavedShifts/` Gets the users active shifts that have yet to be approved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`api/jobs/savedShiftsStudent/` Gets the current user's shifts that have been saved but not submitted for student jobs.
```

> `api/jobs/supervisorName/{supervisorID}`Gets the name of the supervisors associated with the user ID numbers.

Reviewer 2: Does it take the user ID or the user's supervisor ID?

Author: Changed, thanks for pointing that out.

> `api/jobs/supervisorName/{supervisorID}`Gets the name of the supervisors associated with the user ID numbers.

Reviewer: IDs should never go to the browser, so this endpoint needs changing to not use an ID number.

Also, I can't tell if this gets the IDs of the supervisors for one user's jobs, or does this get the name of a person (who is a supervisor) with a given ID?

Singular and plural should match:
"names" plural names for plural supervisors, or "name" for single supervisor. 

"Student" (to distinguish from staff)

`api/jobs/clockOut` Gets the current status of the users shift from the back end. returns bool of status along with timestamp.

> `api/jobs/canUsePage` Gets the status of the user's account. if returns anything, user is a staff, Else user is a student.

Reviewer: This needs a more descriptive name.  I'd suggest
'api/jobs/isStaff'

> `api/jobs/canUsePage` Gets the status of the user's account. if returns anything, user is a staff, Else user is a student.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`api/jobs/isStaff` Gets the status of the user's account for jobs purposes.  A non-empty response means the user has staff job(s), and an empty response means the user has student job(s).  This is important because, for example, a staff employee may also be taking a class and therefore also considered a student.  This helps with other special cases, too.
```

> `api/jobs/getJobsStaff` Gets the staff's current active jobs and returns them in a list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`api/jobs/staff` Gets the current users's active staff jobs and returns them in a list.
```

> `api/jobs/getSavedShiftsStaff`Gets the staff's active shifts that have yet to be approved.

Reviewer: See question and comments on student version above.

> `api/jobs/supervisorNameStaff/{supervisorID}`Gets the name of the supervisors associated with the staff ID numbers.

Reviewer: See comments on student version above.

> `api/jobs/hourTypes`Gets the hours types for staff in order to submit a shift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`api/jobs/hourTypes` Gets the hours types for staff jobs in order to submit a shift. (Student jobs only have regular hours, so don't have hour types.)
```

##### POST

> `api/jobs/saveShift` Sends user's shift information to the backend in order to save a job shift.

Reviewer: Add student to endpoint name and description.

> `api/jobs/submitShifts` Sends user's shift information to the backend in order to submit a job shift.

Reviewer: Add student to endpoint name and description.

> `api/jobs/clockIn` Sends user's shift starting time and bollean indicating that the user is clocked in.

Reviewer: Spelling: boolean.
Does it really send a true/false argument?  That doesn't seem necessary, since it's clock IN, and there's a separate delete.  

It also shouldn't send the start time, since the browser can lie.  The API server should use its own time and record that in the database.

`api/jobs/saveShiftStaff` Sends staff's shift information to the backend in order to save a job shift.

`api/jobs/submitShiftsStaff` Sends staff's shift information to the backend in order to submit a job shift.

##### PUT

> `api/jobs/editShift/` Sends user's shift information to the backend in order to save a job shift.

Reviewer 2: I'm assuming it edits and saves instead of just saving? Otherwise, never mind.

Author: This is really weird. Must of been a copy and paste error.

> `api/jobs/editShift/` Sends user's shift information to the backend in order to save a job shift.

Reviewer: Add "student"

`api/jobs/deleteClockIn` deletes the user's clocked infromation from the last time they clocked in.

`api/jobs/editShiftStaff` Sends staff's shift information to the backend in order to save a job shift.

##### DELETE

> `api/jobs/deleteShift/{rowID}` Deletes a submitted shift for users.

Reviewer: Add "student"
